Update Default Environment Variable Definitions and Values (#1720)
astronomer/docs: astro/runtime-image-architecture.md

| Environment Variable                       | Description                                                                                                          | Value                                   |
| ------------------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------- |

> | `AIRFLOW__CELERY__STALLED_TASK_TIMEOUT`                        | The time in seconds that queued Celery tasks are assumed to have stalled before they are automatically rescheduled.  | `600`   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `AIRFLOW__CELERY__STALLED_TASK_TIMEOUT`                        | The time in seconds that tasks in the `queued` state running with the Celery executor are assumed to have stalled before they are automatically rescheduled.  | `600`   |
```

> | `AIRFLOW_CORE_PARALLELISM`                    | The maximum number of tasks that can run concurrently within a single Deployment across worker queues.                                                               | `<Number-of-Running-Workers-for-all-Worker-Queues>` * `<Worker-Concurrency>`           |

Reviewer 2: `AIRFLOW_CORE_PARALLELISM ` is `the maximum number of task instances that can run concurrently per scheduler in Airflow, regardless of the worker count. Generally, this value multiplied by the number of schedulers in a Deployment is the maximum number of task instances that can run concurrently within a single Deployment`.

Reviewer: Oh dang -- is parallelism really per scheduler @wei-astronomer? Can I confirm that with anyone on Airflow team?

Reviewer 3: Yes, it is per scheduler :( (It's effectively a useless setting anyway, and you are much better off controlling things by setting number of slots in the (default) pool, or just by limiting the number of workers you run

> | `AIRFLOW_CORE_PARALLELISM`                    | The maximum number of tasks that can run concurrently within a single Deployment across worker queues.                                                               | `<Number-of-Running-Workers-for-all-Worker-Queues>` * `<Worker-Concurrency>`           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `AIRFLOW_CORE_PARALLELISM`                    | The maximum number of tasks that can run concurrently, across worker queues, within a single Deployment. On Astro, this value is calculated dynamically based on worker configuration but can be overridden.                                                              | `<Number-of-Running-Workers-for-all-Worker-Queues>` * `<Max-Tasks-Per-Worker>`           |
```

- Just since we don't expose concurrency in our product and it's instead max-tasks-per-worker
